---
layout: post
title: test2
---

I guess it's better to be lucky than good. Computer, lights up! When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. 

<!-- more -->

Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. This should be interesting.

I guess it's better to be lucky than good. Computer, lights up! When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. The look in your eyes, I recognize it.

You used to have it for me. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. This should be interesting.